it's that austin woman she's front page
dynamite how did he get away with it
this woman is dangerous dangerous yes
they talked about this woman whose name
was in the Social Register and on the
police blotter this lady who graced a
millionaire's mansion one night and the
mobsters hide out the next living
dangerously loving dangerously she used
each new romance too far away from the
rackets to the Ritz into the careers of
many men into the hearts of to one who
saved life the other who took life and
she made them both pay the price of her
reckless ambitions this is something you
don't lie about a guy in Miami was
something you don't lie about either yes
and remember the guy in Chicago and the
guy in New York met a lot of guys have
looked at me
stop fighting
you can't win neither can you